Account
An account is a virtual representation of a User. The System can read and store information about a User by editing their Account.

Battery
A Battery powers a Vehicle. The charge state of the Battery can be anywhere between 0% and 100%, is reduced when the Vehicle is In Use, and increases when the Vehicle is Plugged to a Charging Area.

Banking System
An interface that allows the System to charge the users for a Fee.

Car
An electric car owned by the Car-sharing service, rented to the User and tracked by the System. A Car can be:
- In Use, if a User is driving it
- Available, if it can be Reserved
- Reserved, if it is linked to a User but not yet In Use
- Unavailable if it can't be Reserved (for example due to damage, battery exhaustion etc.)
- Plugged, if its Plug is connected to the Socket of a Charging Area. A Plugged Car is also Available.

Car-sharing
A Car-sharing service allows Users to rent Cars for a limited amount of time, being charged a Fee according to time and possibly applying a Discount or an Increase.

Charging Area
A special Parking Area where Cars can be Plugged.

Company 
The enterprise that want to built the System to provide a car-sharing services to its Users. It is the main stakeholder.

Database
A structure that holds informations linked logically according to relationships. For instance, a Database could hold records of every registered User, every available Cars and every time a User rented a Vehicle.

Discount
A reduction in the Fee to be paid because of good behaviour on the part of the User, e.g. leaving the Cars plugged or bringing it back with a mostly-full battery. The actions that constitute good behaviour are determined ad detailed further in the document.

Fee
The amount of money that the User will be charged for his/her usage of the Car-sharing service, or for making a Reservation that is not used.

GPS
Global Positioning System. A system that allows to precisely know a Cars's position.

Surcharge
An increase in the Fee to be paid because of improper behaviour on the part of the User, e.g. bringing the Cars back with a mostly-empty battery.

Management System
An external system that allows administrative access to the internal Database.

Parking Area
A place where the User can leave their Car and exit it to end the Ride. Parking Areas are predefined by the System.

Passenger
Someone (either User or not) who travels in a Cars rented by a User together with him/her.

Plug
A part of the Car that interfaces itself with a Socket of a Charging Area. If a Car's Plug is linked to a Charging Area's Socket, the Car is Plugged.

Ride
Represents the travel done with the Car by the User.It starts from the moment the User starts the engine and ends when the Car is parked in a Parking Area and the User exits the Car.

Reservation
A User can make a Reservation in order to link themselves with an Available Car.

Socket
A part of the Charging Area that interfaces itself with the Plug of a Car. If a Car's Plug is linked to a Charging Area's Socket, the Car is Plugged.

System
The automated software structure this document is about.
It tracks Users and Vehicles and deals with all the details needed for Carsharing, from GPS mapping to charging Users with Fees.

User
A person registered on the System, who will use the Vehicles for a Fee.

Visitor
A person who needs to complete the registration in order to become a User.

--------

Alloy
A descriptive language that allows to describe a set of structures through constraints.

DBMS
Data Base Management System. A software interface allowing to interact with the Database.

RASD
Requirements Analysis and Specification Document. This document, describing the System to be developed.

UC
Use Case. A description of interaction between Users and System.

UML
Unified Modeling Language. A language for modeling Object-Oriented software systems.
